Add workaround for Sonar not working on M1 (#1228)
jhipster/jhipster.github.io: pages/code-quality.md

    ./mvnw -Pprod clean verify sonar:sonar -Dsonar.host.url=http://localhost:9001

> <i class="fa fa-info-circle"></i> **Note for SonarQube 9.6.0 on Apple Silicon (M1)**
>

> > SonarQube does not work with Apple Silicon in compatability mode. You can build the Docker image locally to solve the problem: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> SonarQube does not work with Apple Silicon with official images, a native image is not provided and fails in compatibility mode. You can build the Docker image locally to solve the problem: 
```

>
> ```

> > git clone git@github.com:SonarSource/docker-sonarqube.git

Reviewer 2: the command fails with following error:
>➜  /tmp git clone git@github.com:SonarSource/docker-sonarqube.git
Cloning into 'docker-sonarqube'...
git@github.com: Permission denied (publickey).
fatal: Could not read from remote repository.

>Please make sure you have the correct access rights
and the repository exists.                                             

If I try using https, it works fine:
```git clone https://github.com/SonarSource/docker-sonarqube.git```

Author: Good catch @vishal423! PR to fix at https://github.com/jhipster/jhipster.github.io/pull/1230.
